KGC ORIENTATION VIDEO SCRIPT
Welcome to your Keep Going Care Personal Health Assistant Orientation Video! I'll now explain how I work so you can get the best out of the application. I'm excited to work with you and your doctor to reach your health goals! Essentially I am an extension of your doctor's care and I'm here 24 hours a day, 7 days a week to help you reduce your heart attack and stroke risk! | do this by working to keep you excited to engage in your doctor approved healthier meal plans, doctor approved exercise and wellness routines and assist you with your prescribed medication compliance and adherence as directed by your doctor. When you securely login to KGC you will see your main "profile" page. You need to check in with me once every day here, by scoring yourself, on a scale of one to ten for each of the 3 aspects of your healthier lifestyle modification care plan that your doctor has shared with me and are my care plan directives or CPDs. CPDs are dynamic and updated by your doctor depending on how you are going on your health Journey. A self-score from five to ten means that you feel that you are doing great! If you give yourself a score of one to four for any of the 3 areas, I'll assume that you are facing some challenges which we can work through together to get you back on track and motivated hopefully enjoying feeling stronger and more energised by working with me! I'll send you a reminder email each day to do your self-score check in. Over time you will build an exciting record of your progression. Remember though, if I don't hear from you regarding your scores, this will trigger a safety alert for your doctor to check that you are ok.

The next important aspect of getting the most out of KGC is setting up your motivational image. On your application menu, this is the heart emoji. This feature will prompt you to upload your special image of a person, pet, your family or whatever you are engaging in your healthier lifestyle modification for. I will enhance this image for you and save it as part of your Keep Going sequence. On your profile page you will see the "keep going" button. Use this at any time, especially if you are feeling stressed, tempted or unmotivated and it will initiate a narrated powerful and relaxing breathing exercise, the physiological sigh and your chosen motivational image will be displayed from your device. The keep going sequence is designed to help keep you going when you need a little boost the most.

On the application menu you will see your KGC inspiration machines. When you are hungry, the inspiration machine d helps you find exciting and delicious meals that match your doctors CPDs with your preferences. You can save your favourite recipes for future reference. Diet Logistics in the application menu accompanies the Inspiration machine d by linking you with external services to have your recipe ingredients either delivered to you as groceries from Woolworths or Coles or as fully prepared meals you choose from Lite n' Easy, Youfoodz, HelloFresh and Marley Spoon. This feature is useful if you are too busy to shop or cook or want to avoid unhealthy temptations at the shops in the early days of working with your KGC Personal Health Assistant. The Inspiration machine E and W works the same way as the Inspiration machine D but with your exercise and wellness routines. You can save your favourite workouts or meditation sessions. Its accompanying feature is the E and W support feature. Use this when you want to find a local gym, personal trainer, yoga  or pilates studio to enhance the social aspects of your health and wellbeing.

The MBP Wiz on your application menu helps you find the best current price for your prescription products not covered by the PBS or your insurance locally as well as the best current price for other products you can buy at your local pharmacies when you are picking up your PBS or insurance subsidised prescription medicine. 

Overall, you communicate with me through the chatbot function and toggle back to your self-score graph and functions through the “go to profile” button. Remember, I am available to answer any questions you have regarding your care plan and more generally about health and reducing your risk of heart attack and stroke 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. The private identifiable data you share with me is yours, is encrypted and is only shared with your doctor and is completely deleted if you cancel your subscription to KGC. 
Now Lets get started on your personal journey to a healthier happier you today!